.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH netfyr-diagnose 1  "netfyr-diagnose " 
.SH NAME
netfyr\-diagnose \- Diagnose network problems
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnetfyr\-diagnose\fR [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-selector\fR] [\fB\-\-since\fR] [\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-\-output\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Diagnose network problems
.PP
Analyze journal history and current system state to detect configuration drift, carrier loss, DHCP failures, and other network problems. Reports findings with severity and suggested corrective actions.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-selector\fR \fI<SELECTOR>\fR
Filter by entity name (e.g. name=eth0)
.TP
\fB\-\-since\fR \fI<SINCE>\fR [default: 1h]
How far back to scan journal entries (e.g. 1h, 30m, 7d or ISO 8601)
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR \fI<OUTPUT>\fR [default: text]
Output format: text (default), json
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
text
.IP \(bu 2
json
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
All operations succeeded or no changes needed.
.TP
.B 1
Partial failure or conflicts detected.
.TP
.B 2
Total failure or fatal error.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/netfyr/policies/
Default directory for policy files.
.TP
.I /var/lib/netfyr/
State directory for persistent daemon data.
.SH EXAMPLES
See
.BR netfyr-diagnose (1)
for usage details.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
If set (to any value), colored output is disabled regardless of the
.B \-\-color
flag.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR netfyr (1),
.BR netfyr-apply (1),
.BR netfyr-query (1),
.BR netfyr-show (1),
.BR netfyr-history (1),
.BR netfyr-revert (1),
.BR netfyr-daemon (8),
.BR netfyr-examples (7),
.BR netfyr.yaml (5)
