.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH netfyr-revert 1  "netfyr-revert " 
.SH NAME
netfyr\-revert \- Revert system state to match a journal snapshot
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnetfyr\-revert\fR [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] <\fITARGET\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Revert system state to match a journal snapshot
.PP
Reads the target entry\*(Aqs state_after snapshot, computes the diff from the current system state to the target state, and applies it.
.PP
If the netfyr daemon is running, the revert is executed via Varlink. Otherwise, changes are applied directly.
.PP
Use \-\-dry\-run to preview changes without applying them.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Preview the changes without applying
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
<\fITARGET\fR>
Sequence ID of the journal entry to revert to. System state will be restored to match this entry\*(Aqs state_after snapshot
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
All operations succeeded or no changes needed.
.TP
.B 1
Partial failure or conflicts detected.
.TP
.B 2
Total failure or fatal error.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/netfyr/policies/
Default directory for policy files.
.TP
.I /var/lib/netfyr/
State directory for persistent daemon data.
.SH EXAMPLES
Revert to the state recorded in journal entry 42:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr revert 42
.fi
.RE
.PP
Preview what a revert would change without applying:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr revert --dry-run 42
.fi
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR netfyr (1),
.BR netfyr-apply (1),
.BR netfyr-query (1),
.BR netfyr-daemon (8),
.BR netfyr-examples (7),
.BR netfyr.yaml (5)
