.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH netfyr-apply 1  "netfyr-apply " 
.SH NAME
netfyr\-apply \- Apply network policies to the system
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnetfyr\-apply\fR [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] <\fIPATHS\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Apply network policies to the system
.PP
Load policy definitions from YAML files or directories, reconcile them into an effective desired state, query the current system state, generate a diff, and apply the changes.
.PP
If the netfyr daemon is running, policies are submitted to the daemon via Varlink. Otherwise, static policies are applied directly.
.PP
If \-\-dry\-run is given, show what would change without applying.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Show what would change without applying
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
<\fIPATHS\fR>
Paths to YAML files or directories containing policies
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
All operations succeeded or no changes needed.
.TP
.B 1
Partial failure or conflicts detected.
.TP
.B 2
Total failure or fatal error.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/netfyr/policies/
Default directory for policy files.
.TP
.I /var/lib/netfyr/
State directory for persistent daemon data.
.SH EXAMPLES
Apply all policies in the default directory:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr apply /etc/netfyr/policies/
.fi
.RE
.PP
Preview changes before applying:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr apply --dry-run /etc/netfyr/policies/server.yaml
.fi
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR netfyr (1),
.BR netfyr-query (1),
.BR netfyr-daemon (8),
.BR netfyr-examples (7),
.BR netfyr.yaml (5)
