.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH netfyr-completions 1  "netfyr-completions " 
.SH NAME
netfyr\-completions \- Generate shell completion scripts
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnetfyr\-completions\fR [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] <\fISHELL\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Generate shell completion scripts
.PP
Print a completion script for the specified shell to stdout. Redirect the output to the appropriate file for your shell.
.PP
Example (bash): netfyr completions bash > ~/.local/share/bash\-completion/completions/netfyr
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
<\fISHELL\fR>
Shell to generate completions for
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
bash
.IP \(bu 2
elvish
.IP \(bu 2
fish
.IP \(bu 2
powershell
.IP \(bu 2
zsh
.RE
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
All operations succeeded or no changes needed.
.TP
.B 1
Partial failure or conflicts detected.
.TP
.B 2
Total failure or fatal error.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/netfyr/policies/
Default directory for policy files.
.TP
.I /var/lib/netfyr/
State directory for persistent daemon data.
.SH EXAMPLES
Generate bash completions and install them:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr completions bash > ~/.local/share/bash-completion/completions/netfyr
.fi
.RE
.PP
Generate fish completions:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr completions fish > ~/.config/fish/completions/netfyr.fish
.fi
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
If set (to any value), colored output is disabled regardless of the
.B \-\-color
flag.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR netfyr (1),
.BR netfyr-apply (1),
.BR netfyr-query (1),
.BR netfyr-show (1),
.BR netfyr-history (1),
.BR netfyr-revert (1),
.BR netfyr-daemon (8),
.BR netfyr-examples (7),
.BR netfyr.yaml (5)
