.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH netfyr-history 1  "netfyr-history " 
.SH NAME
netfyr\-history \- Show journal history of state changes
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnetfyr\-history\fR [\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-count\fR] [\fB\-\-since\fR] [\fB\-\-trigger\fR] [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-selector\fR] [\fB\-\-show\fR] [\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-\-output\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Show journal history of state changes
.PP
Display a log of reconciliation events recorded by the journal. Shows what changed, when, and why. Supports filtering by time, trigger type, and entity name.
.PP
If the netfyr daemon is running, history is retrieved via Varlink. Otherwise, journal files are read directly.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-count\fR \fI<COUNT>\fR [default: 20]
Number of entries to show (most recent first)
.TP
\fB\-\-since\fR \fI<SINCE>\fR
Show entries since this time (e.g. 1h, 30m, 7d or ISO 8601)
.TP
\fB\-\-trigger\fR \fI<TRIGGER>\fR
Filter by trigger type (apply, dhcp, external, startup, revert)
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-selector\fR \fI<SELECTOR>\fR
Filter by entity name (name=X)
.TP
\fB\-\-show\fR \fI<SHOW>\fR
Show full detail for a single entry by sequence ID. Positive values are absolute sequence numbers. Negative values count from the end: \-1 is the most recent entry
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR \fI<OUTPUT>\fR [default: text]
Output format: text (default), json
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
text
.IP \(bu 2
json
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
All operations succeeded or no changes needed.
.TP
.B 1
Partial failure or conflicts detected.
.TP
.B 2
Total failure or fatal error.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/netfyr/policies/
Default directory for policy files.
.TP
.I /var/lib/netfyr/
State directory for persistent daemon data.
.SH EXAMPLES
Show the 10 most recent history entries:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr history -n 10
.fi
.RE
.PP
Show changes from the last hour triggered by policy apply:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr history --since 1h --trigger apply
.fi
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR netfyr (1),
.BR netfyr-apply (1),
.BR netfyr-query (1),
.BR netfyr-daemon (8),
.BR netfyr-examples (7),
.BR netfyr.yaml (5)
