.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH netfyr 1  "netfyr " 
.SH NAME
netfyr \- Declarative Linux network configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBnetfyr\fR [\fB\-\-color\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] <\fIsubcommands\fR>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Declarative Linux network configuration.
.PP
netfyr manages network interfaces through declarative YAML policy files. Policies are reconciled into an effective desired state that is applied to the kernel via netlink.
.PP
Two operational modes are supported and detected automatically. In standalone mode the netfyr daemon is not running and static policies are applied directly using the netlink backend. In daemon mode policies are submitted to the daemon via Varlink; the daemon reconciles and applies them, including support for dynamic factories such as DHCPv4.
.PP
Subcommands:
.PP
apply        Load and apply policy files to the system.
.PP
query        Query current network state from the kernel or daemon.
.PP
history      Show journal history of state changes.
.PP
revert       Revert system state to match a journal snapshot.
.PP
show         Show system overview and daemon status.
.PP
diagnose     Diagnose network problems from the journal.
.PP
completions  Generate shell completion scripts.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-color\fR \fI<COLOR>\fR [default: auto]
Control color output: auto (default), always, never
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
auto: Enable colors when stdout is a TTY (default)
.IP \(bu 2
always: Always enable colors, even when piped
.IP \(bu 2
never: Disable colors
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
netfyr\-apply(1)
Apply network policies to the system
.TP
netfyr\-query(1)
Query current system network state
.TP
netfyr\-history(1)
Show journal history of state changes
.TP
netfyr\-revert(1)
Revert system state to match a journal snapshot
.TP
netfyr\-diagnose(1)
Diagnose network problems
.TP
netfyr\-show(1)
Show system overview
.TP
netfyr\-completions(1)
Generate shell completion scripts
.TP
netfyr\-help(1)
Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
All operations succeeded or no changes needed.
.TP
.B 1
Partial failure or conflicts detected.
.TP
.B 2
Total failure or fatal error.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/netfyr/policies/
Default directory for policy files.
.TP
.I /var/lib/netfyr/
State directory for persistent daemon data.
.SH EXAMPLES
Apply all policies in the default directory:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr apply /etc/netfyr/policies/
.fi
.RE
.PP
Query current network state:
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
netfyr query
.fi
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
If set (to any value), colored output is disabled regardless of the
.B \-\-color
flag.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR netfyr-apply (1),
.BR netfyr-query (1),
.BR netfyr-show (1),
.BR netfyr-history (1),
.BR netfyr-revert (1),
.BR netfyr-diagnose (1),
.BR netfyr-completions (1),
.BR netfyr-daemon (8),
.BR netfyr-examples (7),
.BR netfyr.yaml (5)
